1. REACHING OUT TO ASK ABOUT A JOB
Email Subject: Interested in ABC Company
Hi Lucy,

I hope this message finds you well! I've just started looking for a new opportunity after a few years at XYZ, Inc. as a Business Analyst. I've been following ABC Company for some time and just noticed an opening that seems like a great fit.

I'd love to chat with you to get a better idea of ABC Company and learn about the kind of work you're doing at the moment. Are you free this week for a quick phone call? I’m also happy to send questions over LinkedIn if that's easier for you!

Thanks,
Sam

2. LINKEDIN MESSAGE TEMPLATE TO A POTENTIAL RECRUITER
Email Subject: LinkedIn message
Hi Kimberly,

I read from your profile that you recruit for marketing roles in San Francisco. I'm currently a marketing analyst at Resume Worded and wanted to connect with you in case you think my profile might be a good fit for current or future roles you seek to fill.

Thanks!

3. LINKEDIN CONNECTION REQUEST TO A RECRUITER
Email Subject: LinkedIn message
Hi Sophie,

I'm interested in [company] and your company culture. I'm also interested in learning more about your recruiting process. Would you be willing to chat with me briefly over the phone?
Thanks!

4. LINKEDIN CONNECTION REQUEST TO A RECRUITER
Email Subject: LinkedIn message
Hi [Name],

I came across your profile on [mention how you found them]. I found your post about [XYZ topic] really interesting — I definitely agree with [something that resonated with you]. I’m [briefly explain your current role, eg. a marketing director at ABC Company] and would love to keep in touch and learn more about your work.

5. COLD CONNECTION REQUEST WITH NO COMMON GROUND
Email Subject: Interested in connecting
Hi Miles,

I’ve been following your work at Cyberdyne Systems and I’m so impressed with all you’ve accomplished. I’m always looking for more leaders in AI development to add to my network. I’d love to connect!

Best,
Sarah

6. HERE'S HOW TO USE LINKEDIN TO REACH OUT TO PEOPLE ABOUT A JOB ON LINKEDIN (+ TEMPLATES INCLUDED)
Email Subject: NYU senior - would appreciate your insight
Hi Tim,

My name is Rohan and I'm a senior at NYU. I came across your name on your alumni database. I hope you're doing great!

I am reaching out because I am interested in a job in software engineering, and I want to learn more about the industry. I saw from your LinkedIn profile that you have a lot of unique experiences, both at large enterprises and technology startups.

A bit about me: I'm majoring in Computer Science and last year I did a software engineering internship at Resume Worded, where I implemented a caching algorithm using Java and Python.

I'd be so grateful if I could ask you a few questions about your experiences and any recommendations you might have about navigating the job search. Do you have 10-15 minutes for a quick coffee next week? I can come to your office (I also live in NY) or wherever is most convenient for you. I'd really appreciate it.

Thank you!
- Rohan

7. HOW TO REACH OUT TO SOMEONE ON LINKEDIN ABOUT A JOB [EMAIL TEMPLATE]
Email Subject: Interested in Resume Worded
Hi Stefi,

I hope this message finds you well! I've been with ABC Co. for a few years now as a Software Engineer, and I've just started looking for a new opportunity. I've been following Resume Worded for some time and there are a few roles I've come across that seem like a great fit.

I'd love to chat with you to get a better idea of Resume Worded and learn about the kind of work you're doing at the moment. Are you free this week for a quick phone call? Happy to send questions over LinkedIn if that's easier too!

Thanks! Katie

8. ASKING A LINKEDIN CONTACT FOR ADVICE
Email Subject: Congrats on the move!
Hi Jack,

I see from LinkedIn that you're currently working in product management, and transitioned into the industry from a marketing role!

I've actually been contemplating a similar move (I feel like I'm in the exact same position you were in!) and would love to hear what the transition was like for you. It'd also be great to hear about what the hiring processes are like at ABC Co.

Thanks,
Rohan

9. REACHING OUT TO A 2ND DEGREE CONTACT
Email Subject: Interested in Resume Worded
Hi Tom,

I saw on your profile that you work with Jane Doe — we recently worked together when she was at Winter Company. She’s been sharing updates about Summer Corp and it looks like you’re working on some pretty exciting things at the moment!

I'm currently contemplating making a similar move and would love to chat to you about the kind of work you’re doing at Summer Corp. I’m happy to arrange a quick phone call next week if you’re free or to send a few questions over LinkedIn.

Thanks,
Jerry

10. REACHING OUT TO SOMEONE YOU FOUND ON A LINKEDIN GROUP
Email Subject: Loved your article (optional)
Hi Amy,

I came across your profile in the Consulting Group on LinkedIn. Your post recently about XYZ really resonated with me — I’m going through a similar stage myself trying to transition back from consulting to full-time employment. I’d love to hear more about how you did it and what it’s like working at ABC Company — are you free to answer a few questions over email?

Thanks,
Zara

11. REACHING OUT TO INDUSTRY EXPERTS ON LINKEDIN, ESPECIALLY TO FIND OUT ABOUT THE INDUSTRY
Email Subject: Career changer interested in [industry]
Hi Laura,

My name is [Your Name] and I [include a short sentence about your professional background and experience]. I found your profile on LinkedIn and read through a number of your articles on [subject]. I particularly enjoyed [be specific about something you read and why it resonated with you].

I’m in the process of changing careers and am looking to transition into [new field or role]. I’d love to ask you some questions about [industry] and get your expert insight — are you available for a quick chat over Zoom? I can also send you some questions via email if that works better for you. I understand you’re busy but would appreciate any time you’re able to carve out for me!

Thanks,
Iain

12. SENDING A COLD EMAIL TO A COMPANY EXECUTIVE
Email Subject: Interested in [Company Name]
Dear [Name],

My name is [Your Name]. [1-2 lines about your relevant professional background and key skills and experience.] I got your name from [how you found them — if you have a personal connection or mutual contact, mention it here], who mentioned that you’re currently hiring for [position]. I was excited to hear this, as I’ve been following your company since [notable development or achievement].

I’ve submitted an application online, but even if this position isn’t a fit, I’d love to sit down for a quick chat with you to learn more about your experience and any advice you have for young professionals. I understand how busy you are and am willing to work around your schedule.

Thank you for your consideration.

Best,
[Your Name]