1. To ask if there’s any work available at a company
Dear Yasmin Smith,

I know that you are probably busy, so I will keep this brief. I am a recent Engineering graduate from Cardiff University, and I am looking for my first full-time role. I deeply admire Mrs. Smoothies as a brand and have a profound respect for your mission to make delicious and sustainably sourced drinks. I would be delighted at the chance to put the skills I have learned to use with you. Are there any work opportunities available for someone of my skill set and experience level? 

I see that you have no such positions advertised at the moment, but thought it would be worth reaching out in the event that something comes up in the near future. In any case, I would love to connect with you to stay abreast of new openings at Mrs. Smoothies. 

Many thanks for your time and consideration. 

Yours sincerely,

George Spatula   

2. To ask if you are eligible for a role
Dear Yasmin Smith,

Please excuse my reaching out unintroduced. I see that you are the Hiring Manager at MK Communications and thought you might be able to help me. I am very interested in applying for the Social Media Manager role you currently have advertised, but my CV is not an exact match for the requirements laid out. I have three years of experience in a managerial role rather than the five stipulated in the advert, although I do have other relevant skills that might counterbalance this. 

At a glance, would you still encourage me to apply for the position, or is this point considered indispensable in a successful candidate? I completely understand that you might not want to provide a judgment on this with only a brief overview of my situation, but any insights you can share would be greatly appreciated. 

Thanks in advance,

Tina Shufflebottom 

Not sure how to conclude your message? One of our expert tutors gave a great explanation of the most appropriate formal sign-offs here. 

3. To ask another question about a role you’ve seen advertised 
Dear Yasmin Smith,

I wondered if you might be able to help me. I noticed that The Nice Soap Company has recently placed an advertisement on Linkedin for a UX Designer. I have a question about the position, and since you are Head of Employee Success, thought you might be well-placed to advise.

Do you know if there is capacity to sponsor visa applications for this role? For context, I am a citizen of Indonesia.

Many thanks for your time in answering my question.

Yours sincerely, 

Stacey Bootlace 

how to message recruiters with linkedin inmail

4. To ask an independent recruiter for help in your job search
Dear Yasmin Smith,

Please excuse my messaging you out of the blue. I noticed that you are a top recruiter in the New York carpet trading industry, and have worked with a number of companies that I admire, so I thought you seemed like a great person to reach out to! I am a Carpet Salesman with three years of industry experience and a degree in Carpet Selling Studies, and I am currently on the lookout for a new position. 

I wondered if you might be able to assist me in my search? Even if I am not a suitable candidate for any open roles you have at the moment, I would be immensely grateful for any insights you can share from a recruiters’ perspective. I can be reached at mike@ilovecarpets.com if you would prefer to have this discussion over email.

Many thanks for your consideration. 

Yours sincerely,

Mike McMuffin 

5. To ask if a role you’ve seen advertised is still open 
Dear Yasmin Smith,

I am hoping to apply for the position of Ski Instructor which I saw Snowy Days had advertised on LinkedIn’s jobs board. However, I noticed that the advertisement was placed over a month ago now, on February 22nd. I just wondered whether the vacancy has already been filled? 

Many thanks for your help. If you are still accepting applications, then I very much hope we will be in touch a lot more! 

Best wishes, 

Biffy Green

6. To ask about internship opportunities
Dear Yasmin Smith,

I am currently in my second year of a Security Risk Management degree at Copenhagen University, and am seeking opportunities to develop my research skills in a professional context. Do you have any vacancies for interns this summer? 

I have been following Egg Limited on LinkedIn for some time, and have a deep respect for the company as a leading voice in the Professional Services industry. I would be particularly keen to learn from departments that deal with financial risk management. I know that you must receive many such inquiries, but if you would be prepared to discuss this with me further, I would be delighted to send over my CV and some letters of recommendation from my professors. 

Thank you for your consideration, I hope very much to hear from you soon.

Yours sincerely,

Penelope Tulipface  